OSDOCS-17450 [NETOBSERV] Module short descriptions to configuring-operator.adoc (#103273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-flowcollector-example.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * networking/network_observability/configuring-operators.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="network-observability-flowcollector-example_{context}"]
= Example of a FlowCollector resource

[role="_abstract"]

> Review a comprehensive, annotated example of the `FlowCollector` custom resource demonstrating configurations for `eBPF` sampling, conversation tracking, Loki integration, and console quick filters.

Reviewer: I see the [what, where is the why](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cl5PFL0SRV7M6GHBJOZ1jNMAtbVI_85iHKe5XWMV0ek/edit?slide=id.g37974b26b7e_0_84#slide=id.g37974b26b7e_0_84)?

Reviewer: Seems a bit simpler.
```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Review a comprehensive, annotated example of the `FlowCollector` custom resource that demonstrates configurations for `eBPF` sampling, conversation tracking, Loki integration, and console quick filters.
```
